t6963_notes.txt

keypad layout:

1 2 3 A
4 5 6 B
7 8 9 C
* 0 # D

If the bottom left key '*' is pressed a menu will appear at the bottom for 5 seconds.
If any other key is not pressed within 5 seconds, the menu will go away. To do this,
send a code like '0xFF' with a param to the PIC24. The PIC24 will do a delay depending
on the param: 5 - five seconds, 4 - four seconds... When the delay is up, the PIC24
will send back an 0xFF to signal that the delay is expired. 

The menu at the bottom can be any number of rows. '*' will cancel the menu at anytime.
When the key that corrisponds to the menu is pressed, another menu or dialog will appear.
The most common dialog is one that lets the user enter a number. The menus will be 
handled by the main switch statement. Any dialogs will be handled by the special
functions. 

When any dialog is active, the function will return a special code '0x0FE' followed by
a param. The number dialog will return a its code followed by a number and the offset in
the number array. Two of the menu choices when the number dialog is current will be
'enter' and 'cancel'. Enter will set the number and cancel will set it back to what is
was before. 'Enter' will also return a param which specifies which pameter is set.

Other dialogs can be ones that give the user a choice of on or off or a list of mutually-
exculsive options, like a group of checkboxes. There can also be a dialog that sets a
scale represented by a row of '*' or other characters. One key can move the scale to
the right (increase the value) or to the left (decrease). There will also be a dialog
to set the current time or the time value for something else.

The normal display will show the real-time values like engine rpm, mph, engine temp and
oil pressure. Later on, there can be different displays that show more or less real-time
parameters that can be changed by the menus. When the menu is active, any RT params on
the screen will continue to be displayed in real-time. They just won't over-write any-
thing on the menu area. So the menu or dialog will consume as little as possible area
at the bottom of the display. When 'Enter' or 'Cancel' is pressed the menu or dialog
will cause the previous menu to appear and the user can either hit the '*' key to make
the menu clear or the 'back' key to go back to the previous menu. 


